Hey! So you've found my daily diary for this project! Yayyyyy!
If you found this, it's mean you REALLY care about my project and I'm so happy about that!
Or you're just a stalker, but I don't care, I'm just happy you're here!
I will not encrypt this diary like most of the time, because I want you to know what I'm doing, and I want you to know what I'm thinking about this project.
Welp... I'm gonna start this diary with a "little" introduction about me, so you can know me better.

* My full name is Nguyen Quang Minh, I was born in Hanoi, Vietnam. 
You can call me Minh, or Alex (my English name), or you can call me whatever you want.
And if you want to know more about me, you can check my landing website: https://landing.quangminh.name.vn

* Since I was a litte kid (maybe 8, or 9, I don't really remember),	I was always interested in computers, but not coding.
I just wanted to know how computers work, and how to fix them when they're broken.
I've built a lot of computers, and I've fixed a lot of computers, and I've broken a lot of computers.
But I've never coded until I was in the 8th grade.
I was in a computer class, and we were learning how to code in Pascal.
Not many school in Vietnam teach coding at secondary school and high school, so I was really lucky to have a computer class.
But note that not every student in that class was interested in coding, so I was the only one who was coding.
I was coding a lot of stupid things, and I was really happy of what I've done.

* I've always dreamed of becoming a contestant in the "Road to Mount Olympia" held by Vietnam Television.
I don't know if you know what that is, but it's a competition for 11th grade students in Vietnam.
It's just a knowledge competition (gameshow), and I was really interested in it.
Like, it's the reason why I was studying so hard in the 11th grade so I can become a contestant.
But... my dream was crushed, and I was not qualified to become a contestant.
Until now, I still don't know why I was not qualified, but I'm still sad when thinking about it.
I was really sad, and I was really depressed, and I was really desperate.
I tried to smile, people still think I'm happy, but I'm not.
I was really desperate, and I was really sad, and I was really depressed... Again.
I felt like I was a failure, and I felt like I was a loser.
I felt like I have no reason to continue. So I tried to give up everything.
I tried to give up my life, I tried to give up my family, I tried to give up my friends, I tried to give up everything.
I tried to give up my dream, I tried to give up my passion, I tried to give up my interest.

* But I couldn't do it, I was still alive, and I still have my family, and I still have my friends.
That's because I met Violet Evergarden.
It was a rainy day. I take a bus to go to school, but I was bored.
I skipped the class that day, and I didn't know where to go.
So I went to the nearest cinema, and I saw Violet Evergarden poster.
The anime franchise was really popular at that time, so I decided to watch it.
I was thinking that it was just another anime, but it was not.
It was a masterpiece, and it was a masterpiece that changed my life.
I was crying a lot, but not because of sadness, but because of happiness.
I was crying because I was happy, and I was crying because I was relieved.
I was crying because I was happy that I was alive, and I was crying because I was relieved that I was alive.
I was crying because I was happy that I was still alive, and I was crying because I was relieved that I was still alive.
(I watched it 3 times later that day, and I still watch it on Netflix when I feel sad.)

* University is a different story.
I was in a university in Hanoi, and I was studying ICT for bachelor degree.
It's a 3-year degree, and I'm in the 2nd year.
Turns out, I'm suck at proper coding, but I'm still trying to learn.
I'm learning C, C++, Java, Python, and I'm trying to learn more.
But I'm still suck at coding.
I tried to understand how to code, but it's really hard for me to think big and code big.
(Code big? I don't know how to explain that, but I hope you understand what I mean.)
I'm struggle with OOP, Maths (I'm suck at maths), and I'm suck at French.

* I'm also a gamer.
I don't really play a lot of games. But sometimes, when I feel desperate or sad, I play games to relax.
I've played a lot of games, but I'm not really good at them. 
So right now I'm playing CS:GO, Crossfire, UNO!, and Hatsune Miku: Project Diva Mega Mix+.
I'm also a fan of Hatsune Miku, and I'm a fan of Vocaloid in general.
Guess what? My Advanced Python teacher was a big game hacker, he and his friends hacked Crossfire VN, and they were really good at it.
(I'm not a hacker, I'm just a gamer. And poor VTC Game, they're bad at protecting their code.)

* I don't have a girlfriend.
I'm single, sometimes I'm lonely, but some other times I feel happy with my life (most of the time is lonely).
So when I sad, I code or playing games.
If you're interested in me, you can contact me. We can be friends, or we can be more than friends. It's up to you.

Anyway... I'm gonna stop this introduction, and I'm gonna start my diary.

* 2023 - 03 - 03
Changelog: 
- Created a new project: Olympia-ServerSide
- Created a new diary

I have no idea why I decided to re-create this project.
In the past, I've created a lot of projects like this, but I've never finished any of them.
The last Olympia project was in 2020 - 2021. 
COVID-19 and online school really affected my motivation, and I've never finished it.
Other reason is because I wrote it in Visual Basic. It's easy to code, but it's hard to maintain and not flexible.
I've decided to re-create this project, and I've decided to write it in C# with some frameworks.

I don't really know what I'm gonna do with this project, but I'm gonna try my best to finish it.
Right now, I've created 2 Windows Forms (splash screen and main UI), and I think I'l have to create more.
And I forgot to install Microsoft Office to my computer, so I can't use Microsoft Excel to read data.
That's why I'm writing this diary, I'm gonna write down my ideas, and I'm gonna write down my progress.

It's been a long time since I've written a diary, and I'm really happy that I'm writing this diary.
And it's been a long day. I'm gonna go to sleep now. 
Maybe I'll dream of some ideas for this project, or maybe I'll dream of Violet Evergarden.
Thank you for reading this diary, and I hope we'll meet again in the future.
Good night, and sweet dreams.

* 2023 - 03 - 04
Changelog:
- Support for reading data from Microsoft Excel
- Custom User Control functionable
- Support score editing

Heyyyyyyyy! I'm back! Today is Saturday, so I don't have to go to school.
I've coded not too much today, but I've coded a lot of things about the functions of the project.
I've created a custom User Control, but did I name it correctly? I just know that I've created a panel, and a lot of User Control Form. 
And I've created a function to read data from Microsoft Excel.
DataGridView is really hard to use, but I've managed to use it somehow. But I'm still struggle with reset the data.
I created a button to reset the data, but it's not working.
For now, I've deleted the button and create a messagebox to remind me that IT'S NOT FUNCTIONING! I'm gonna fix it later since it's important.
I've also created a function to edit the score of the contestants. Luckily, it's worked. I mean it's pretty straight-foward to code it, not too complicated.
Maybe that's it for today, I'm gonna go to sleep now. 
Tomorrow is Sunday, and I'll have to take a French FR2.1 test. I'm not really good at French, but I'm gonna try my best.
And I'm gonna try to fix the reset button tomorrow. If it's still not working, I'm gonna ask my teacher for help.
Or I'll code the server for the project.

Good night, and sweet dreams.

<!--  END OF DIARY -->